             This is pretty long list but you will find useful websites

screenr.com - record movies of your desktop and send them straight to YouTube. 

ctrfq.org/screenshots- capture screenshots of web pages on mobile and desktops. 

goo.gl - shorten long URLs and convert URLs into OR codes.

unfurlr.come - find the original URL that's hiding behind a short URL. 

qClock - find the local time of a city using a Google Map.

copypastecharacter.com - copy special characters that aren't on your keyboard. 

postpost.com - a better search engine for twitter.

lovelycharts.com - create flowcharts, network diagrams, sitemaps, etc. 

iconfinder.com - the best place to find icons of all sizes.

office.com download templates. clipart and images for your Office documents. 

followupthen.com - the easiest way to setup email reminders.

jotti.org - scan any suspicious file or email attachment for viruses. 

wolframalpha.com -  gets answers directly without searching. 

printwhatyoulike.com - print web pages without the clutter.

joliprint.com reformats news articles and blog content as a newspaper. 

ctrql.org/rss - a search engine for RSS feeds.

e.ggtimer.com - a simple online tinier for your daily needs.

coralcdn.org - if a site is down due to heavy traffic, try accessing it through coral CON. 

random.org - pick random numbers, flip coins. and more.

pdfescape.com - lets you can quickly edit PDFs in the browser itself. 

viewer.zoho.com - Preview PDFs and Presentations directly in the browser. 

tubemogul.com - simultaneously upload videos to YouTube and other video sites. 

ctrlq.org/dictation - online voice recognition in the browser itself.

scr.im -- share you email address online without worrying about spam. 

spypig.com - now get read receipts for your email.

sizeasy.com - visualize and compare the size of any product. 

myfonts.com/WhatTheFont - quickly determine the font name from an image. 

google.com/webfonts - a good collection of open source fonts.

regex.info - find data hidden in your photographs - see more EXIF tools. 

livestream.com - broadcast events live over the web, including your desktop screen. 

iwantmyname.com - helps you search domains across all TLDs.

homestyler.com - design from scratch or re-model your home in 3d. 

join.me - share you screen with anyone over the web.

onlineocr.net - recognize text from scanned PDFs - see other OCR tools. 

flightstats.com - Track flight status at airports worldwide.

wetransfer.com for sharing really big files online.

hundredzeros.com - the site lets you download free Kindle books. 

polishmywriting.com - check your writing for spelling or grammatical errors. 

marker.to - easily highlight the important parts of a web page for sharing. 

typewith.me - work on the same document with multiple people. 

whichdateworks.com - planning an event? find a date that works for all.

everytimezone.com - a less confusing view of the world time zones. 

gtmetrix.com - the perfect tool for measuring your site performance online. 

noteflight.com print music sheets, write your own music online (review).

imo.im - chat with your buddies on Skype, Facebook, Google Talk, etc. from one place. 

translate.google.com - translate web pages. PDFs and Office documents.

kleki.com - create paintings and sketches with a wide variety of brushes. 

similarsites.com - discover new sites that are similar to what you like already. 

wordle.net quick summarize long pieces of text with tag clouds.

bubbl.us - create mind-maps, brainstorm ideas in the browser.

kuler.adobe.com - get color ideas, also extract colors from photographs. 

liveshare.com share your photos in an album instantly.

Imgtfy.com - when your friends are too lazy to use Google on their own. 

midomi.com - when you need to find the name of a song.

bing.com/images - automatically find perfectly-sized wallpapers for mobiles. 

faxzero.com - send an online fax for free - see more fax services. 

feedmyinbox.com get RSS feeds as an email newsletter.

ge.tt - quickly send a file to someone, they can even preview it before downloading. 

pipebytes.com - transfer files of any size without uploading to a third-party server. 

tinychat.com - setup a private chat room in micro-seconds.

privnote.com - create text notes that will self-destruct after being read. 

boxoh.com -- track the status of any shipment on Google Maps -- alternative. 

chipin.com - when you need to raise funds online for an event or a cause. 

downforeveryoneorjustme.com - find if your favorite website is offline or not? 

ewhois.com find the other websites of a person with reverse Analytics lookup. 

whoishostingthis.com - find the web host of any website.

google.com/history - found something on Google but can't remember it now? 

aviary.com/myna - an online audio editor that lets record, and remix audio clips online. 

disposablewebpage.com - create a temporary web page that self-destruct. 

urbandictionary.com find definitions of slangs and informal words.

seatguru.com - consult this site before choosing a seat for your next flight. 

sxc.hu - download stock images absolutely free.

zoom.it - view very high-resolution images in your browser without scrolling. 

scribblemaps.com - create custom Google Maps easily.

alertful.com - quickly setup email reminders for important events. 

picmonkey.com - Picnik is offline but PicMonkey is an even better image editor. 

formspring.me - you can ask or answer personal questions here. 

sumopaint.com -- an excellent layer-based online image editor.

snopes.com - find if that email offer you received is real or just another scam. 

typingweb.com - master touch-typing with these practice sessions. 

mailvu.com - send video emails to anyone using your web cam.

timerime.com - create timelines with audio, video and images.

stupeflix.com make a movie out of your images, audio and video clips. 

safeweb.norton.com - check the trust level of any website.

teuxdeux.com - a beautiful to-do app that looks like your paper dairy. 

deadurl.com - you'll need this when your bookmarked web pages are deleted. 

minutes.io - quickly capture effective notes during meetings.

youtube.com/leanback - Watch YouTube channels in TV mode.

youtube.com/disco - quickly create a video playlist of your favorite artist. 

talltweets.com - Send tweets longer than 140 characters.

pancake.io create a free and simple website using your Dropbox account. 

builtwith.com - find the technology stack of any website.

woorank.com - research a website from the SEC) perspective.

mixlr.com - broadcast live audio over the web.

radbox.me - bookmark online videos and watch them later (review). 

tagmydoc.com add OR codes to your documents and presentations (review). 

notes.io - the easiest way to write short text notes in the browser.

ctrlq.org/html-mail - send nch-text mails to anyone, anonymously. 

fiverr.com - hire people to do little things for $5.

otixo.com - easily manage your online files on Dropbox. Google Does. etc. 

ifttt.com - create a connection between all your online accounts.
